.\" $Header$
.\"
.\"	transcript compatibility for postscript use.
.\"
.\"	synopsis:  .P! <file.ps>
.\"
.de P!
.fl
\!!1 setgray
.fl
\\&.\"
.fl
\!!0 setgray
.fl			\" force out current output buffer
\!!save /psv exch def currentpoint translate 0 0 moveto
\!!/showpage{}def
.fl			\" prolog
.sy sed -e 's/^/!/' \\$1\" bring in postscript file
\!!psv restore
.
.de pF
.ie     \\*(f1 .ds f1 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f2 .ds f2 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f3 .ds f3 \\n(.f
.el .ie \\*(f4 .ds f4 \\n(.f
.el .tm ? font overflow
.ft \\$1
..
.de fP
.ie     !\\*(f4 \{\
.	ft \\*(f4
.	ds f4\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f3 \{\
.	ft \\*(f3
.	ds f3\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f2 \{\
.	ft \\*(f2
.	ds f2\"
'	br \}
.el .ie !\\*(f1 \{\
.	ft \\*(f1
.	ds f1\"
'	br \}
.el .tm ? font underflow
..
.ds f1\"
.ds f2\"
.ds f3\"
.ds f4\"
'\" t 
.ta 8n 16n 24n 32n 40n 48n 56n 64n 72n  
.TH "KDIFF3" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
kdiff3 \(em compares two or three input files or directories 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBkdiff3\fR [\fBQT options\fP]  [\fBKDE options\fP]  [\fBkdiff3 options\fP]  [\fB\fIFile1\fR\fP]  [\fB\fIFile2\fR\fP]  [\fB\fIFile3\fR\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
This manual page documents briefly the 
\fBkdiff3\fR tool. 
.PP 
This manual page was written for the \fBDebian\fP distribution 
because the original program does not have a manual page. 
For comprehensive help, please see \fBkhelpcenter help:/kdiff3\fR. 
 
.PP 
\fBkdiff3\fR is a program that 
 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
compares two or three input files  
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
shows the differences line by line and character by character  
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
provides an automatic merge-facility and  
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
an integrated editor for comfortable solving of merge-conflicts  
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
and has an intuitive graphical user interface  
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
and allows directory comparison and merge.  	 
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.PP 
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, 
with long options starting with two dashes (`-').  A summary of 
options is included below. For a full summary of options, run 
\fBkdiff3 --help\fR. 
 
 
.IP "\fB-m, --merge\fP         " 10 
Merge the input. 
.IP "\fB-b, --base file\fP         " 10 
Explicit base file. For compatibility with certain tools. 
.IP "\fB-o, --output file\fP         " 10 
Output file. Implies -m. E.g.: -o newfile.txt 
.IP "\fB--out file\fP         " 10 
Output file, again. (For compatibility with certain tools.) 
.IP "\fB--auto\fP         " 10 
No GUI if all conflicts are auto-solvable. (Needs -o file) 
.IP "\fB--qall\fP         " 10 
Don't solve conflicts automatically. (For compatibility...) 
.IP "\fB--fname alias\fP         " 10 
Visible name replacement. Supply this once for every input. 
.IP "\fB-v, --version\fP         " 10 
Show version of program.    
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
This manual page was written by Eike Sauer <eike@debian.org> for 
the \fBDebian\fP system (but may be used by others).  Permission is 
granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under 
the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 
(or, at your option, any later version published by the Free 
Software Foundation). 
 
.PP 
On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public 
License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL. 
 
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Fri 07 Nov 2003, 15:46 
